The following Term and Conditions("Terms") apply to your use on my (DevMashup) services(including, but not limited to: any games I make-including those that I make with other 
devs possibly, any software I make, any websites I make, or any other technology, physical or otherwise, that had code on it to function properly.) Whether if you a guest or a 
recurring/registered of DevMashup, these Terms of Service applies to you.


I urge you very much to read Terms of Service(hereby know as "Terms", "ToS", "The ToS" and "The Terms" very carefully. By using my services(which will be easily accesible in every 
service I provide), you agree that you have read this documentand agree to abide by these terms. If you don't agree, please do not use most of my services(I will put a EXCLUDE FROM
ToS in some services that you dont havee to agree to the terms.) The terms in particular will contain what some important terms and procedures.





You are also agreeing to other DevMashup rules and policies that are located somewhere in this document. Please read them carefully:
The Privacy Policy explains what information my services collect from you, how I protect it, and how I use it.
The Fan Content Policy explains what you can do with DevMashup's Intellectual Property in the content you create. *CAN BE EXCLUDED OR CHANGED IN SOME APPLICATIONS/SERVICES 
The Terms of Service explain the rules for DevMashup's websites and other services. *CAN BE EXCLUDED OR CHANGED IN SOME APPLICATIONS/SERVICES
You and DevMashup agree to resolve disputes between me in individual communication (A.K.A not in court). I believe individual communication will hopefully be enough to get rid of the problem before going to court

These terms contain a binding, individual, agreement. If you accept these terms, you and DevMashup agree to solve all conflict individually and you give up your right to go to court
-either as an individual or as a part of a group(because I really, really, really dont want to go to court). 

 STAND AND ACCEPT THESE TERMS (INCLUDING ITS DISPUTE RESOLUTION TERMS).  IF YOU ARE UNDER THE LEGAL AGE OF MAJORITY, YOUR PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN MUST CONSENT TO THESE TERMS.

To enter the contract created by these terms, you must be 10 years or older. You are legally responsible for all actions using or accessing my services, including allowing another 
to login using your account. By agreeing to these terms, you agree that you understand and accept these terms(including the dispute resoulution terms). 

Changes to the terms
Sometimes, I will update the terms. I will do my best to notify you about any changes I make if you signup for any of my services via email(if a signup option isn available, on whatever
platform I upload my services to(itch.io, stean, epic games...etc) I will ask you if you want to be notified on the changes to the terms and how II can notify you(phone, email, any other
contact method). While I'll do my best 
